Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror-thriller
film called "Walled In."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
The movie begins with a young girl trapped
in between walls.
Not long after, cement begins pouring down
on her from all angles.
The little girl cannot go anywhere else; she
is buried alive.
The scene moves to 15 years later.
A young engineer, Sam, has just graduated
from college.
At her graduation party, her father, an owner
of a demolition company, gives her a gift:
a job supervising the demolition of a building
in the middle of nowhere.
If she's successful, she will become his partner.
Her first assignment happens to be this gigantic
unique architectural structure (an apartment
building) located out in the middle of nowhere.
The structure is the product of Joseph Malestrazza,
who was an eccentric architect obsessed with
Egyptian architecture.
Samantha arrives at the Malestrazza building
and is greeted by Mary, the caretaker.
She lives with her son, Jimmy, who is a loner
kid.
Sam tells Mary she will be staying in one
of the apartments in the building.
Jimmy takes her bags to her apartment and
explains the rules of the building.
She is to stay off the eighth floor because
it is Malestrazza's and the roof because it
is too dangerous.
As she is walking to her room, she sees a
room labeled as Julie's.
She then enters her room, and immediately
takes a bath to clean herself up.
Later that day, she meets Mary and asks her,
how many people still live in this apartment?
Mary replies that only four people live in
it.
Mary and Jimmy are in the building to look
after it until its day of destruction.
All the other tenants have been evicted, but
two have refused to leave.
The next day, Sam prepares to analyze the
structure of the building.
Sam is in charge of providing a report on
how much T.N.T is needed to knock down this
building; she must determine the best rupture
points and type of explosives.
A few hours later, she goes to a minimarket
to buy some food and drinks.
Out of curiosity, she borrows a computer to
browse the history of the apartment building.
She discovers that in 1993, there were a series
of missing people.
When they were finally found, it was horrific.
Sixteen people, men, women, and children,
were sealed in small compartments in the building,
which were then filled with liquid concrete.
One of the victims was the architect himself-
Malestrazza.
A construction worker was initially blamed
for the murders, but then found innocent,
leaving the crimes unsolved, and the murderer
unknown.
Back at the building, Sam again marks the
best rupture points to knock down the building,
but she is surprised when a man runs towards
her carrying an ax.
It turns out that this man is one of the tenants
who still lives in this building and refuses
to leave.
And he is unhappy about the destruction of
the building.
At night, Jimmy secretly takes Sam to the
eighth floor, the forbidden floor.
Jimmy tells Sam about Malestrazza, the architect
of the building, who died inside the wall.
He enters a room and shows her the wall where
Malestrazza's body was found.
When his body was found, his face was almost
ripped off because of the cement; his face
was no longer recognizable.
His mother, Mary, was the one who finally
managed to identify him.
Jimmy also informs her that out of the 16
victims; there was a small child named Julie.
She was the child shown at the beginning of
the film.
She was also the child living in the room
Sam saw before.
Furthermore, Jimmy tells her that his father
was also one of the victims.
He then proceeds to show her the wall where
his father was found.
The lights go out, and Sam cuts her leg after
panicking in the darkness.
Later, Jimmy washes her wound and begins to
caress her thigh.
It becomes obvious that the young guy fancies
her, and he tries to make a move on her, but
she tells him to stop.
In the evening, Sam, who is looking in the
mirror, sees the glass behind her shaking
violently.
She lifts the mirror and sees blood flowing
out of the hole.
Suddenly, Sam is immediately pulled into the
wall, and she wakes up realizing that she
is now trapped inside.
A moment later, cement begins pouring down
on her from all angles.
She cannot go anywhere else.
As she starts screaming, she wakes up from
her sleep.
It turns out to be a nightmare.
As she can no longer sleep, she wanders around
her apartment.
Suddenly, something appears right in front
of her, shocking her.
However, it's just her boyfriend, Peter, who
wants to give her a surprise.
Sam takes Peter to look around the apartment.
They secretly go to the eighth floor.
While exploring the eighth floor, Sam and
her boyfriend discover a secret passageway
on the floor.
Sam goes down it, and she discovers a secret
room.
This room would allow someone to view any
of the apartments secretly.
Sam realizes that Jimmy has been spying on
her while she's taking a bath.
She talks to Mary about it, and Jimmy, who
feels embarrassed, walks away.
Later that evening, Peter thinks that Sam
should leave tomorrow, and she agrees with him
As Peter and Sam spend their time together
that night, Jimmy grows jealous of them.
The following day, Sam packs her clothes to
leave the apartment.
She also prepares a report on how much T.N.T
is needed to knock down this building.
Before parting, Jimmy apologizes to Sam for
spying on her.
He then gives a gift to Sam.
He gives Sam a copy of the journal of Malestrazza,
the building's architect.
Sam realizes from reading the journal that
there must be a large, open space in the center
of the building.
Jimmy goes to the roof to look for an opening
to the hidden space.
However, he does not return.
Sam and her boyfriend follow to look for Jimmy.
They discover a massive shaft in the center
of the building.
They hear Jimmy calling from down in the shaft,
saying that he is hurt.
Sam has her boyfriend lower her into the shaft
on a rope.
At first, everything goes smoothly, without
any problems at all.
But suddenly, Peter is shot by someone with
sharp iron.
As a result, Peter dies bleeding in front
of his girlfriend, who's shocked seeing this.
Sam falls to the bottom.
Sam awakens at the bottom of the shaft.
Surprisingly, she is not alone there; there
is a mysterious person.
To her surprise, that mysterious man is Malestrazza,
the architect, who she thought has been dead
entombed in the wall.
It turns out that he has been trapped there
this whole time.
Malestrazza is holding a radio.
In the radio recording, there is jimmy's voice
asking for help; in other words, the voice
that Sam heard earlier is pre-recorded by
Jimmy himself.
Shortly, Jimmy sends her a letter from above.
In the letter, it is written that Jimmy is
keeping her down there until she learns to love him
Jimmy then mails Sam's demolition report to
her father and sinks her car into a lake.
This is all done to create the perception
that Sam hasn't returned home because she
goes on vacation with her boyfriend.
Back in the shaft, Malestrazza tells her a
shocking revelation.
He reveals that he was the mastermind behind
the murders of 16 people (who were found entombed
in the wall).
Malestrzza believes that the secret to the
longevity of ancient Egyptian monuments is
that they conducted rituals during construction
that involved burying living victims inside
the walls.
He wants his buildings to last forever, so
he buried people alive inside its walls.
He further reveals that one of the victims
was Mary's husband.
So, as an act of revenge, Mary decides to
keep Malestrazza locked up in this shaft,
forever as a prisoner.
Mary also fooled everybody by identifying
other victim's body as Malestraza's.
Everyone believed that lie and thought that
Maleztrazza had died, so that she can keep
Malestrazza herself as her prisoner.
After this shocking revelation, Jimmy is back
at the hole and sends down a cassette tape.
Malestrazza plays the tape, and Jimmy says
that he wants to see Sam and Malestrazza dance.
Malestrazza tells her that they need to obey
Jimmy's order.
If they do what Jimmy wants, Jimmy is nice,
but can be very cruel and imaginative if they
disobey Jimmy's orders.
So, Sam agrees to dance.
But, when Jimmy tells them to kiss, she refuses.
Malestrazza pulls her close and forces her
to kiss him.
After a few seconds, Jimmy tells them to stop
and threatens Malestrazza not to touch Sam
again.
As a gift for their obedience, Jimmy sends
down a basket with food, water, and a two-way radio
He tells Sam to keep the radio with her so
that they can talk and be close.
Later that night, Mary comes to the roof.
Sam immediately screams to get help from Mary.
Mary is very surprised to see Sam in the hole
with Malestrazza.
Mary angrily tells Jimmy that the place was
for the architect, not for anyone else.
She realizes that Sam must stay in the hole
with Malestrazza, or else she'll report this
incident to the police, and they'll take Mary
away, and Jimmy will be an orphan.
In the afternoon, Sam's father and his demolition
team, who have received Sam's report, arrive
at this apartment.
They begin to set up the explosives.
Elsewhere, Sam is still stuck in the hole
with Malestrazza.
Sam continues to seduce Jimmy hoping that
he will free her and save her from the explosion.
However, her effort is unsuccessful.
Seeing this, Malestrazza tells her to save
her energy.
Malestrazza then digs a tomb that he has designed
with several pipes connected to the cement tank
Malestrazza believes that when the detonation
team tries to knock this building down, it
will not be destroyed if an additional person
is buried alive.
He decides to sacrifice himself to save this
building.
He then asks Sam to kill him.
She eventually does kill him after some taunting,
and he thanks her after he falls into his
tomb, and it begins to fill with cement.
Meanwhile, outside the building, Mary is keeping
Jimmy calm as they set up and begin to install
the explosives.
As the countdown begins, Jimmy starts to change
his mind.
He screams Sam’s name and runs toward the
building.
Sam's father tells them to stop the countdown.
At the roof, Jimmy looks down, and her father
asks what they have done.
Jimmy then throws himself over, killing himself,
and lands next to Sam.
Sam is then lifted out of the hole and put
in an ambulance.
Mary is arrested as she is involved in the
kidnapping of Malestrazza.
At the end of the film, Sam narrates that
Malestrazza built 27 buildings and that they
are all still standing.
He considered this apartment building as his
masterpiece; he didn’t want it to be demolished.
He even sacrificed himself to save the building.
So, as a sign of respect, this building will
not be demolished and will remain his legacy.
And that's how the movie ends
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.